# Index of fonts
Ordinary Unicode fonts for use with bob's game and non-OpenType-savvy programs (e.g. Microsoft Word 2007). The fonts are available under the terms of the WTFPL license.
* My own version of the font with the same name as the game with revised glyphs and support for more glyphs like vowels with umlauts. **P.S.** The original font in the game itself is from the Hamtaro/Mario & Luigi RPG GBA games with modified glyphs. The original font in the Bob Corporation website is a web font and generated by Font Squirrel's generator according to the US English naming field with unknown ID 200.
* **BobsGame Big** – Based on the font used in Mario & Luigi RPG games for the Nintendo DS. **P.S.** This font was created in 2012-12-20 and was hosted in a subfolder in the Bob Corporation website.
* **BobsGame Mono** – Based on the “System VIO” font from OS/2 with revised glyphs and support for more glyphs. **P.S.** The game author uploaded it to the Bob Corporation website in December of 2015 and later moved it to a subfolder.
* **BobsGame nD** – Based on the font in third/fourth generation Pokémon games with revised glyphs and support for more glyphs. The numbers were taken from *Castlevania: Aria of Sorrow*. Windows Vista and newer displays the font preview as Japanese (25 Kanji letters are included in this font).
* **Pixel Sans** – Based on the font used in many Nintendo 3DS, Game Boy Advance and Nintendo DS games. This font was created in 2015 under the name of **DS Sans**. Windows Vista and newer displays the font preview as Chinese (the ideographs are included in Pixel Sans Fallback).
* **Pixel Sans Fallback** – For use with Japanese and Korean languages only. **P.S.** `fc-scan` does not show Japanese or Korean in the language fields despite these languages are supported.
* **Pixel Sans Terminal** – An alternate version with lowercase letters changed to match the font used in [UniPad](http://www.unipad.org/) (Unicode text editor by Sharmahd Computing, 1997-2006).
* **Pixel Sans Textbook** – Based on the font used in international releases of Pokémon Black & White with revised glyphs and support for more glyphs. This font uses the same character set as the non-Fallback Pixel Sans.

## Tools used
* **CrystalTile2** (AngelTeam) – GBA game charset finding
* **FontCreator 3.0** (High-Logic B.V.) – TrueType font editing
* **FontCreator 5.0** (High-Logic B.V.) – TrueType font editing
* **FontCreator 5.6** (High-Logic B.V.) – TrueType font editing
* **NFTREdit** (DarthNemesis from GBAtemp) – NFTR font editing
* **Tinke** (Benito Palacios Sánchez) – NFTR font extraction

## Installing the TTF version
See the [Fonts category in Bob's Game Wiki](https://bobsgame.fandom.com/wiki/Category:Fonts) for installation instructions.

## NFTR version
The NFTR based on Pixel Sans Textbook (see the index of fonts above) includes partial coverage of CP1252 (the missing characters are the non-breaking space (used in French for some punctuation marks), florin and small tilde). Use [Tinke](https://github.com/pleonex/tinke) to replace the font file.
1. Get a copy of the More English Training European game cartridge on sellers and dump the ROM file or download the More English Training European ROM from ROM sites (e.g. ROM Hustler or Emuparadise) and open it. **NB!** ROM sites are not tolerated by GBAtemp.
2. Go to `common/fonts/data` and you'll see a file called **European_LC12.NFTR**.
3. Press the **Change file** button to replace the file.
4. Press the **Save ROM** button to save the ROM in a new name.
5. Test the font by playing the game in flash cards (e.g. TTDS) or emulators (e.g. NO$GBA).

**Note:** Don't try this in the Japanese or Korean versions of the game! This game was developed and published by Nintendo as part of the Touch! Generations series in Europe, Japan and Republic of Korea.
